# A Little Blurb from the Author

Though I have many projects I'd love to talk about, I would say that the
Android app NeatPad (https://github.com/jetkov/neatpad) is currently the
project that I am most proud of. NeatPad is A minimalistic but powerful
notepad app with a clean UI. What sets it apart from the other notepad apps
out there is the idea of writing formatted notes in the Markdown (and 
eventually LaTeX) languages, storing the files in plaintext, and cool 
tagging + quick append features. The goal of NeatPad is to be a very 
efficient, clean, and powerful note taking app. A stretch goal for NeatPad 
is to incorporate a cloud service and multi-platform support. It is a 
project I am currently still working on, but it is extra special to me for 
a few reasons: 

Firstly, this is my first mobile app project, so I am really excited about 
it. I have always wanted to develop an app! It's a brand new challenge, but 
I have been able to catch onto how the Android system and SDK works quite 
quickly. I have also always admired the clean, efficient and useful apps 
that I have used over the years, and though NeatPad is still very much in 
the early stages, that's the kind of app that it is on the way to becoming.

It is also one of the largest, or at least most significant and challenging 
coding project that I have worked on. The Android platform came with a 
boatload of new challenges and learning curves, but luckily it is very well 
documented, and I am a good self-learner. I am also working on NeatPad 
under a time limit, as I am submitting it as a school project. I am 
overcoming this challenge by implementing strict time management, with the 
help of GitHub's tools for tracking issues, milestones and projects (which 
I am also excited about finally getting to use).

Thanks for reading, and don't forget to star the repository if you're 
interested :)
